{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 0	"2 Million Bikers" to D.C, this group is coming to the nation's capitol despite not being granted a permit. Maybe in this case its better to say, they're coming through D.C., permit or no permit! Its not illegal to ride your motorcycle through Washington D.C. and thats what the "2 Million Bikers" group plans to do, just ride, according to US News on Sept. 9. The organizers of the group posted a message to the folks in D.C. on the "2 Million Bikers" to D.C. page: "We find this regretful for the residents and businesses of that great city, and humbly offer our apologies. What could have been a one or two hour ride through will now likely be an all-day event." It's legal for motorcycles to drive through D.C. and they plan to do it after 11a.m. undeterred on 9/11. The final route of the ride wont be posted, the organizers added into their Facebook statement. 2 Million Bikers" is going to cause clogged roads no matter how steadily they roll along and its unclear if police have plans to take any type of action against this biker demonstration. Riders have every intention of keeping the ride safe and within the laws, such as yielding for pedestrians and obeying traffic lights, speed limits and any other rules of the road. Police will only say that they will take action if a crime is committed. Because they dont have a permit, it would be illegal for the bikers to stop and take part in activities, but riding through Washington D.C. is not a crime. The bikers are coming on Wednesday, 9/11.\
0	"2 million bikers to D.C." update: Two million motorcyclists biking to Washington, D.C. to commemorate victims of the 9/11 World Trade Center attacks Wednesday have a reprieve: no permit is needed. Organizers of the event got word that officials, in respect of First Amendment Rights, are relaxing requirements. "It is not a crime to parade," said Ted Gest, a spokesman for the D.C. attorney general's office, about the "2 million bikers to D.C." event, citing a September 10 US News report. However, Gest warned bikers in the 9/11 commemoration ride to edge on the side of caution; other matters of the law are still expected to be followed. With two million bikers heading to D.C., organizers hoped to prevent a traffic nightmare by having several roads blocked along the route. However, the National Park Service denied their request because it did not have the manpower to secure the 9/11 parade route. Had the request been granted, residents and travelers only faced traffic delays of up to one hour at best. Without road closures, the "2 million bikers to D.C." ride will last the entire day. Moreover, media outlets are reporting locally that parade goers are expected to travel by the hundreds, possibly thousands from numerous states. Additionally, smaller numbers from out of the country are expected to attend the event to remember victims of the September 11 terror attacks in New York. Typically, other cities would require police officers to arrest anyone parading without authorization to do so, especially after having been denied. Given the gravity of the event, Washington, D.C. officials will not enforce laws requiring permits for this event. Still, police expect attendees to respect the local laws as officers will enforce any other infractions. For more on the "2 million bikers to D.C." event for 9/11 victims and survivors, subscribe above. If you like this article, you can follow the writer by visiting and liking his Facebook page, or subscribe to receive email updates when a new article is published.\
0	"A ... My Name Will Always Be Alice " will open Aug. 16 at the Theater Company of Lafayette. (Courtesy photo)\
0	"A trumpeter is kind of like a golfer or an opera singer," says Severinsen in a call from his home in Blount County, Tenn. "There are certain things you do before you go out and do it front of anybody else. If you think you can get away without it, you're nuts. ... To play a trumpet you need to get your blood flowing and have some good food and good thoughts, and then you're ready." Severinsen, 85, has been living in Tennessee for the past few years. He still has a busy schedule. He moved to Tennessee to be closer to Cathy Leach, principal trumpeter with the Knoxville Symphony Orchestra and professor of trumpet at the University of Tennessee. While there are times he seems at odds with the more extreme conservatism of East Tennessee, Severinsen says he really enjoys the area. "Well, it seems like home!" he says. "I've learned it's not as much where you are as who you're with." Severinsen grew up in Arlington, Ore., where his father was a dentist and an amateur violinist. Severinsen was named Carl after his father, but family and friends began calling him "Little Doc," and it stuck. The younger "Doc" first fell in love with the trombone but decided to learn trumpet because that was what was available in town. Severinsen's father gave him music lessons, teaching classical pieces. At 12, he won the Music Educators National Contest and, at 14, he was given an audition with the Tommy Dorsey Orchestra. His age turned out to be a mitigating factor, but, at 16, he did join the group. He also performed with the Ted Fio Rito Orchestra, Benny Goodman, Charlie Barnet and other big-band leaders before becoming a staff musician for NBC in New York. That led to Severinsen becoming first trumpet and, later, bandleader on "The Tonight Show," shortly after Johnny Carson replaced Jack Paar as host. He stayed with the show for 30 years and left when Carson retired in 1992. Severinsen continued with his musical career, touring more than he could when he was on TV and performing as a guest with symphonies and jazz outfits. "That's really gaining momentum with communities that can't successfully have a really great symphony orchestra, but they can have a jazz orchestra and enjoy the fruits of that. I'm glad to see that." He recently performed a show with Byron Stripling and a community jazz orchestra in Naples, Fla., and has made a surprise appearance with the Knoxville Jazz Orchestra. He's also interested in working with different arrangers. Hearing the Knoxville Symphony Orchestra perform the music to "Sweeney Todd" gave him an appreciation for Stephen Sondheim collaborator Jonathan Turick, who wrote the arrangements. "Two days later the phone rings and my manager asks, 'Would you like to work with Jonathan Turick?' " The two have a weeklong gig in New York coming up soon. It's obvious that Severinsen is at a point where he only does what he enjoys, and he believes he plays with more feeling. He particularly enjoys the all-Italian program he's working on with the KSO. He's worked with guest vocalist Joseph Wolverton for a decade or so and he enjoys conducting. He says he wants Italian music to sound Italian. "People are afraid to put as much garlic in there as you need. Lots of garlic and a little bit of red wine. If it's too much for them, they shouldn't be eating it. It's like driving a Cadillac. If you're asking how much mileage it gets, you can't afford it, so don't bother." When asked if he misses leading a big band every night, Severinsen gives an immediate no, but explains it without mentioning music. "I've just been reading a book about Spanish mustangs and their home is in the western United States. There's maybe two ranches that continue to raise them just for the sake of history. You know, I'd love to go down there and spend about two or three days watching them, and after that I'd like to put a saddle and ride off on one. I thought once I'd like to get one and bring it here, but I decided, no, they need to stay where they are. It's up to me to learn as much about their character as I can and go ride them where they are." Severinsen teams up with guitarist Gil Gutirrez for a night of classical Spanish jazz with some movie music thrown in for good measure Wednesday, May 1 at the Musical Instrument Museum, 4725 E. Mayo Blvd., Phoenix. $37.50-$47.50. (480) 478-6000 or http://mim.org.\
0	"A.C.O.D." the unfortunate title is an acronym for Adult Children of Divorce is the debut feature of writer-director Stuart Zicherman, who seems to be working at least in part from autobiographical material as he tells the story of Carter (Parks and Recreation's Adam Scott), a successful young restaurateur who's spent his life dodging the fallout from his parents' acrimonious divorce. There's an undertone of score-settling to this not-so-romantic comedy, a bitterness that's sometimes unpleasant and sometimes wickedly funny. For all its inconsistency of tone, "A.C.O.D." tries, and often succeeds, at things few contemporary comedies do. For one thing, instead of making the relationship between parents and their grown children into a subplot subordinate to the main love story, Zicherman does the reverse. When Carter's little brother (the endearing Clarke Duke) gets engaged, it's the run-up to the wedding that's the B plot. The main story involves Carter's attempts to corral his two horrific parents in a room long enough to inform them that, as God is his witness, they will behave civilly for the length of the festivities. Hugh (Richard Jenkins) and Melissa (Catherine O'Hara) haven't spoken in 20 years, except through the lawyers they've hired to hound each other. Hugh is a serial marrier of much younger blondes (the most recent played by Amy Poehler, a curious casting choice given that her character gets almost no jokes at all). Melissa has sustained a longer marriage to the infinitely patient Gary (Ken Howard), but she still flies into a rage at any mention of her ex-husband. As an opening flashback involving a ruined birthday party makes clear, these two did about the worst job a parent can (short of outright abuse or neglect), making their older son the go-between in their competitive infidelities and other self-serving behavior. Twenty years of estrangement haven't resulted in any measurable spiritual growth: After Carter finally forces them to have dinner together, his parents start a very poorly concealed affair with, of all people, each other, once again using their son to cover up for their lies. Zicherman leans a little too heavily on the Oedipal slapstick inherent in this setup: There are only so many times we can flinch at the scenario of a man surprising his parents in flagrante delicto, or cringe at a mother who teasingly wonders whether passersby will mistake her son for her "boytoy." But the fact that Carter's monstrous progenitors are played by Richard Jenkins and Catherine O'Hara is perhaps the main reason to watch "A.C.O.D." Though their roles are sometimes underwritten_especially O'Hara's, given the comic and dramatic range she's capable of_these two veteran character actors collaborate to create a convincingly toxic couple. They loathe each other because they love each other; you can see the way they anticipate and exploit each other's weaknesses, and how completely oblivious they are to the effect of their behavior on everyone else on the planet. O'Hara and Jenkins never seek the audience's sympathy on their characters' behalf, but we wind up begrudgingly allowing them some anyway. Melissa and Hugh are dreadful exemplars of humanity, but as with one's own family members, what are you gonna do? The sheer size of O'Hara's and Jenkins' characters occasionally threatens to overwhelm the more subdued performance of the dryly quizzical Scott_but maybe that's fitting in a movie about a glum introvert buffeted about by two expansive narcissists. In a subplot that takes up a little more time than it needed to, Carter visits his childhood therapist (played by the reliably amusing Jane Lynch), who turns out to be something of a sneaky manipulator herself. And in an even less necessary subplot_albeit one that makes for a single great scene_the commitment-averse Carter tries to work up the nerve to propose to his girlfriend (Mary Elizabeth Winstead), who had to date him for four years before even getting a key to his apartment. There's also, for some reason, a completely unnecessary sub-subplot about Carter's flirtation with a fellow "A.C.O.D.," played with her usual lack of vigor by Jessica Alba. Scene for scene, Zicherman and his co-screenwriter Ben Karlin can write quick-witted dialogue, but they tried to cram way too much story into this slim 87-minute movie. The last act, in which most of the principals converge on the family's old summer house for a celebration-turned-confrontation, strains too hard for a tone of farce that doesn't quite suit the film. But the very last scene_in which an unrepentantly awful Hugh regales his about-to-be-married son with a charming anecdote about his night in a Portuguese whorehouse_hits a bittersweet note of acceptance that left me glad I saw this alternately wise and resentful comic memoir. Yes, Dad was a jerk at the wedding, but at least he was there.\
0	"AND THAT'S JUST THE F---KING COVER!" Screaming into his microphone as he beat the final notes out of his bass, The Palma Violets' Alexander "Chili" Jesson's introductory words gave the Philadelphia crowd a taste of what was to come. Playing this past Tuesday night at the newly reopened Boot and Saddle bar, the band stomped around the tiny stage with all the energy and noise of a jet engine. Playing for a little over an hour, they tore through their debut album, 180. Since the album's release in February, they have toured all over the world, winning over audiences with their live act, which is decidedly old school. Watching them perform, one gets a sense of what it must have felt like to see the Stones debut at the Crawdaddy Club back in 1962. Of course, the Stones did some great covers too, but their early original songs don't hold a candle to anything from 180. It is a fully realized debut album, equal parts raucous and arresting on virtually every level. At first glance, it might seem like all they have is youth, but anybody distracted by the snarl would be wrong to dismiss them. The riotous atmosphere they inspire in concert is not what it often is for many young bands who use bravado as a tool to distract you. And we all know the drill. They scream and shout and then you scream and shout louder, covering up the mistakes that can only be fixed in a recording studio. The Palma Violets on the other hand, can really play. Believe me when I tell you, that really was just the f---king cover.\
0	"Acting Disruptive" is a new web series by AOL On. Presented by Tribeca, the celebrity-based series follows the lives of various entrepreneurial celebrities who step away from the glam and glitz of Hollywood to try their hand at something quite different: Launching their own start-up companies. Some celebrities who have filmed episodes for the series include Jessica Alba, Rainn Wilson, Adam Goldberg, Moby, Adrian Grenier, and Jared Leto. The series shows how these celebrities work to promote their ideas -- some of which are pretty cool, like Grenier's web company SHFT. The premise of SHFT is for people to make small changes (or SHFTS) that will collectively make a big SHFT in the world as a whole. SHFT even has its own coffee and wine in addition to other products that are environmentally friendly. The company works with various consumers to make the world a better place -- and that is cool. Check out "Acting Disruptive" in the video above. Effie Orfanides 2013\
0	"Afternoon Meeting Of Rocks and Water," a 36-inch-by-36-inch oil, by Stan Robbins. (COURTESY OF CARMEL ART ASSOCIATION)\
0	"All are welcome to attend. Please join the Pepperdine community as we hold each of them in our hearts and pray especially for their healing," the announcement said. Grant Adamson, a scion of Malibu history, died Tuesday in a freak hot air balloon accident in Switzerland. He was 55. His wife, Terry Adamson, was seriously injured in the crash. She was expected to undergo surgery sometime on Wednesday or Thursday, his family told The Malibu Times.His daughters, Lauren and Megan, were also injured in the crash but are expected to survive after undergoing successful surgeries. The accident left the Malibu community in shock, as many reached out via social media and website comments to express their grief. Terry Adamson is an adjunct professor at Pepperdine's School of Law. Lauren and Megan are both students at the school. Grant Adamson's grandparents, Rhoda May and Merritt Adamson, constructed the famous Adamson House on 13 acres nestled between the Malibu Pier and Malibu Lagoon. The Adamsons and Rindges made many lasting contributions to Malibu. In 1968 Rhoda May Adamson donated 132 acres of the Adamson and Rindge familys ranch land to Pepperdine University, where the school eventually opened its campus overlooking the Pacific Ocean in 1972. "The Adamsons are beloved, longtime members of the Pepperdine family," the school posted on its Facebook. I like so many other Malibu-ites am broken hearted to have learned the devastating news of Grant Adamson's untimely passing, and of the serious injuries suffered by Terry, Lauren and Megan. As a volunteer docent at Adamson House, I along with so many others there send the entire extended Rindge and Adamson families our heartfelt prayers and sincere wishes for their ability to find comfort and solace within your faith to help cope with the aftermath of this horrific accident. I didn't know Grant for very long, but I was lucky enough to have had the opportunity to have instantly recognized his warmth, kind mannered demeanor, and by the realization that he was an extremely classy, generous and caring man. When I met Grant and his family, I knew that I had met good people. This is a moment of shocking grief for your entire family, as well as an enormous loss for all of the residents of Malibu. I pray, from my lips to God's ears.... "May Grant rest in peace, and may Terry, Lauren and Megan recuperate with Godspeed to their regained health and well-being". Sending my heartfelt condolences to you all, Shepard Vineburg\
0	"All the things I've learned in skating I've applied to this business," said Agah, a former professional skateboarder who, with his wife and brother-in-law, owns Seventh Street's Pizzanista. "I kind of look at everything as a skateboarding trick, so opening a restaurant is like a new trick.... It's similar in that you've got to be able to take a risk, be able to deal with falling down and getting back up." As evidence of his decision-making process, consider the name of the restaurant. Although it originally launched as Toddy G's, an ownership division prompted the search for a new moniker. Agah found inspiration not in a reference to cheese or cooking methods, but rather in fiery British punk pioneers The Clash. "They have an album called Sandinista," he said. "We also liked that nista' means to be a connoisseur of something. We thought it had a really good ring to it." Agah, who sports a shaved head and thick, tattooed arms, and favors a casual jeans and T-shirt attire, is one of two children of Iranian and Azerbaijani parents. Born in 1972, he began skating at the age of 5 after his father bought him a skateboard. By the time he graduated from high school he had turned pro and was skating all over the world in competitions and demonstrations. In 1993 he was named Thrasher Magazine Skater of the Year. He is known as a pioneer in the sport for the switch stance, a move in which a skater rides opposite to his or her natural side. It's akin to learning how to be ambidextrous. Pizzanista isn't his first entrepreneurial venture. Agah has had his own Vans produced shoe; started energy drink business The Skaterage Beverage Company; and helped create a quarterly magazine called Skatebook. Still, nothing he's done has been quite like making Downtown pizza. Agah and his affable art dealer wife, Price Latimer Agah, have lived in the Arts District for about seven years. Last October they partnered with Toddy Giordanella to open the 1,200-square-foot pizzeria Toddy G's at 2019 E. Seventh St. The relationship dissolved and Giordanella left in June. Agah would not discuss the reasons except to say that Giordanella wanted to return to his roots in New Jersey. Giordanella could not be reached for comment. The Agahs initially thought of doing a bar in the area. Then, one day about two years ago, Agah was walking his dogs and ran into Skyler Reeves, head of operations for 213 Inc. and the former general manager of the company's latest nightlife endeavor, Tony's Saloon. Agah inquired about opening a restaurant in the adjacent Seventh Street space. He thought it seemed natural for a desolate portion of Downtown. "Everybody loves pizza and we're next door to Tony's bar, so obviously what goes better with beer than pizza?" Latimer Agah reasoned. The 213 Inc. crowd agreed, and both businesses saw a benefit. Tony's happy hour clientele has increased since the opening of the pizza spot, said Reeves. That's partly attributable to the fact that customers can order a slice from the bartender and have it delivered to the bar. While the bar crowd is a nice base, the Agahs know they need to expand their business. Hence, the focus on the concept: New York style pizza with a traditional thin crust but an open mind toward toppings. Before the restaurant originally opened, the partners consulted with Steve Samson (chef and owner of the oft-praised Pico Boulevard pizza joint Sotto LA) to develop their dough, sauce and menu. The recipes have remained the same since the split. "Everything is handmade every day," Latimer Agah said. "It's New York pizza with California fresh ingredients. We use organic ingredients as much as possible." Popular menu items include, well, the Meat Jesus, a hearty concoction of bacon, sausage, pepperoni, spicy soppressata and mushrooms. There's also the macaroni and cheese, a multi-cheese macaroni and cheese meal on a crispy slice. It's the Sunday special and usually sells out, Agah said. The slices run $2.75-$4, while 18-inch pies are priced between $18 and $31. While Tony's provides a swath of regulars who pair their beers with a slice, they also pull customers from the skateboarding circuit. That is evident on review sites like Yelp, where praise for the slices is augmented by mentions of Agah's other career. "The owner is the type to check on you and even sit down and chat with you when you admit you are totally a big fan of his legendary skateboarding!" one Yelp reviewer wrote. Pizzanista also has fans at the Downtown location of "Rob Dyrdek's Fantasy Factory," an MTV show that focuses on skateboarding. Other customers come from The Berrics, an indoor skate park just across the L.A. River in Boyle Heights. For the skating community, Pizzanista is an oasis in a relative food desert. "This neighborhood needed a cool pizza spot," said Brian Atlas, general manager of Street League Skateboarding, a skate league founded by Dyrdek. "I think that street in particular has a lot of potential." With the combination of bar patrons, skaters and Agah fans, the restaurant is serving about 250 people per day, Latimer Agah said. They have a 10-year lease on the place, and although they are only open for dinner, she said they will soon add lunch service. Meanwhile, skate fans who call for delivery may get an extra treat. If the call is close enough, Agah is known to hop on his board, prop a pie up on his arm and deliver the pizza himself. No other tricks are promised. Pizzanista is at 2019 E. Seventh St., (213) 627-1430. Open Tuesday-Saturday 5 p.m.-midnight and Sunday 5-10 p.m. Deliveries are within a two-mile area. Contact Richard Guzmn richard@downtownnews.com. Los Angeles Downtown News.\
0	"Although we were ready to go to trial and felt confident in the facts of this case, we are pleased that Mr. Santiago chose to admit his guilt and take responsibility for his actions," District Attorney Michael Ramos said. "As I have said many times before, this type of behavior will not be tolerated in San Bernardino County." According to the Franchise Tax Board's (FTB) investigation, Santiago failed to report income of approximately $269,189 for the years 2007-09. All income is taxable, including income from illegal sources, officials said. In November 2009, the Public Integrity Unit received complaints alleging that Santiago, who was an IEUA board member representing the Fontana area, touting his status as an elected official, was obtaining large sums of money as "consulting" fees for services he allegedly never performed, officials said. According to Deputy District Attorney Reza Sadeghi, it was also alleged that Santiago who was an area franchisor for a car wash company as well was representing himself as a trusted elected official in order to lure prospective franchisees as investors. "According to the complainants, Mr. Santiago would ask for payments in cash and when people objected, he would ask for checks to be made in his wife's name," Sadeghi said. "Investigators were told Santiago would tell people he cannot have anything in his name because he is a board member and it would be a conflict of interest." Santiago was charged with failing to disclose the income he received on his Form 700 disclosure forms and on his tax returns. Angel Santiago's wife, Valerie Santiago, was a willing participant in her husband's tax evasion, according to investigators. On Aug. 9, she pleaded guilty to one count of misdemeanor failing to file a tax return with the intent to evade tax and agreed to pay full restitution. Also on that day, Angel Santiago pleaded guilty to one count of failing to file a tax return with the intent to evade tax. As part of the plea agreement, Santiago resigned from the IEUA's Board of Directors. This week, Santiago agreed to pay full restitution to the California State FTB, including penalties, interest and the cost of the investigation.\
1	What is by far the dumbest, most moronic New Year's celebration ever designed landed a nine year old girl in the hospital early today, 1200 WOAI news reports. Police say the girl was hit in the butt by a stray bullet as she stood outside her home in the 9200 block of West Alametos watching the downtown fireworks display. Alametos is new I-H 10 and West Avenue on the northwest side. She was rushed to University Hospital with wounds which are not considered life threatening. Firing guns into the air to celebrate the New Year has been roundly discredited by police and community leaders, ever since a young child was killed by a stray bullet fired on New Year's back in the early 1990s. This is the first incident of somebody being struck by a stray bullet fired on New Year's in some time. Police are investigating, and the person who fired the shot will face serious felony charges.\
1	When 15-year-old Onardo Bent was critically injured last Saturday morning when he was shot, police originally said the shooting happened while he was riding his bike to his uncles house in Pine Hills. But investigators said that story was made up. They said the uncle, Dickale Cothrell, was the one who shot his nephew, and then tried to cover it all up. He came out, was handling the firearm, the teen was there in the living room area when the round went off, he was struck, and went down immediately, said Capt. Angelo Nieves with theOrange County Sheriffs Office. Bent was unconscious at the hospital for days, unable to tell anyone what really happened. But investigators said Thursday night he came to, and told deputies that it was his uncle who accidentally shot him. Cothrell said nothing as he was taken into custody Friday night. But investigators said the 28-year-old admits to police he shot his nephew, but that it was an accident as he was handling his gun. He said he tried to cover the whole thing up, and convince his girlfriend and other people at the home to help him cover it up, because he was on probation and afraid of what could happen. Cothrell is facing culpable negligence and probation violation charges. Investigators said his nephew is lucky to be alive. The child is in the hospital still recovering from his wounds, and doing better, and were very grateful as is his family is, that will be able to recover, hopefully 100 percent, Nieves said. Investigators say Cothrell could face more charges, and the Orange County Sheriffs Office hasnt ruled out charges against other people as well.\
1	When 55-year-old James Wolf heard some noise coming from the back of his house around midnight Sunday, he grabbed his handgun. He was fearing someone was trying to break in, and through the shadows, he saw a figure standing there. "He told the subject to freeze. The subject didn't say anything, started walking towards him, and that's when James Wolf fired one shot," said Pinellas County Sheriff's Office Public Information Officer Cristen Rensel. Wolf hadn't shot an intruder. He shot his 17-year-old nephew who lives at the house. The bullet went through Taylor Titus's arm. Taylor had snuck out earlier in the night to meet up with friends, and he was trying to sneak back in. "That's not surprising to me," said Kristi Harris. Harris has had issues with the neighbors for some time, in part because Wolf is a registered sex offender, and she has small kids. He was arrested after the shooting because of prior felony convictions from California, so he wasn't allowed to have a gun. "We are very, very, uncomfortable with it. Our children are not allowed to play in the front yard by themselves ever," Harris said. Taylor was taken to the hospital, and he's expected to be OK. No one at his house wanted to talk to FOX 13. One neighbor we spoke with sympathized with the uncle's actions, saying he was only trying to protect his property. "I can probably understand how someone could do that," said Robert Hill.\
1	When Joseph Lozupone heard the gunshots and screams from outside the window of his Upper Fells Point home, the Washington firefighter ran down to render aid to the two men who'd been wounded. But by the looks of their injuries, he quickly realized there was little he could do. "They'd both been shot in the head," he said. "Those were kill shots." Police said both of the victims died after the shooting, which occurred at about 4:45 p.m. Tuesday in the 200 block of S. Wolfe St. After efforts to revive them, medical personnel pronounced the individuals dead at 5:20 p.m. and 6:41 p.m., respectively. Less than an hour later, homicide detectives were sent to the 1000 block of E. Oliver St. in East Baltimore for another fatal shooting that occurred next to a corner store called Big Momma's Grocery. Police said the victim was pronounced dead at 5:52 p.m. after medics attempted treatment for multiple gunshot wounds. The fatal shootings pushed Baltimore's homicide count for this year to 198. In 2011, Baltimore's homicide numbers fell to 197, the lowest number since the 1970s. The city was unable to sustain that last year, and homicides rose again. The latest shootings occurred in neighborhoods with little in common, but both rattled residents. "We've got kids and grandkids that play out here," said Charlene Green, 53, standing near the Oliver grocery store as police lit up the street to search for clues. Police released few details in either case but said they don't appear to be related. In Upper Fells, a few blocks north of the waterfront, pools of blood marked the sidewalk in the middle of the block where the two men were shot. Parents picked up their children from the nearby Wolfe Street Academy. Many homes in the area have recently been rehabbed and the streets were packed with traffic. Darren Jaworski, 50, said he's lived in the area his whole life and it wasn't uncommon to hear shots ringing out to the west and north in the 1990s. Though the neighborhood has become safer since then, he said, the Wolfe Street shooting was "the closest I've seen." But to Nicole Creech, 41, Upper Fells Point seems to be backsliding. A resident since 2003, she ticked off a number of recent crimes, including burglaries, a car theft and a robbery, in which people she knew were victims, "Police can't be everywhere all the time, but it seems like [the crime] has shifted," she said. Police said they were searching for at least one gunman in the Upper Fells Point shootings who fled on foot, but they didn't have a description. Chrissy Anderson, 25, said she often presses political and police leaders in the area for more resources. She said police told residents they had started some initiatives, "but it's not really helping," she said. About two miles north, about 5:20 p.m., an officer was patrolling the Oliver neighborhood when he heard gunshots and found a man who had been shot in the chest at least once. As police processed the scene next to Green Mount Cemetery, few people milled around, and the streets were quiet. Evidence markers could be seen in the street next to Big Momma's Grocery in the 1400 block of Holbrook St., and two residents said the man who was shot had helped run the store. They knew him as "Kenneth." "I've never known him to have a problem with anyone," said Paulette McNeil, 55. Oliver has long struggled with gun violence. Residents have taken on several efforts to revive the area, and earlier this year the city flooded the area with resources to help with everything from fighting drug addiction to filing taxes. Before Tuesday, there had been three homicides and four nonfatal shootings in Oliver this year. There were nine last year and eight nonfatal shootings, two of which occurred in the 1400 block of Holbrook. Police asked anyone with information in either case to call 410-396-2100. jfenton@baltsun.com Twitter.com/justin_fenton\
1	When Walter Santiago heard the bang and felt a pain on the side of his head while driving in Wesley Chapel, he figured something had broken off his car and flown in through the open driver's side window. His granddaughter looked at the blood streaming from his temple and knew different. You've been shot, she said. The Pasco County Sheriff's Office said a bullet, probably fired from far away, came through the window and glanced off the 62-year-old Wesley Chapel man's head just above his left temple. "Fortunately for me the bullet was losing velocity when it hit me," Santiago said. "I feel very fortunate and very angry that this happened." Santiago was on the road at the time because he had just picked up his sick 13-year-old granddaughter from middle school. He was driving east on State Road 54 near Bruce Lane with the window cracked open 4 or 5 inches when he was hit by the bullet at about 12:15 p.m.. He received six stitches at St. Joseph's Hospital in Tampa. Pasco County Sheriff's Office spokesman Doug Tobin said the shot must have been fired far away because the bullet glanced off Santiago's head and bounced around after entering the car. The bullet came through the window on a downward trajectory, Tobin said, hitting the the car's seat near Santiago's right thigh after bouncing off his head. The bullet then bounced up, cracking the front windshield and coming to rest on the passenger's side floor board, he said. "It really is a case of unbelievable luck on the part of the driver," Tobin said. The bullet came from a high-caliber handgun, Tobin said. Santiago said it was a .40 caliber bullet. Neighbors told investigators that they heard three shots at about the time he was hit, Santiago said. Tobin said it doesn't appear Santiago was a target. No one has been arrested. Anyone with information can anonymously call (800) 706-2488. "He's very lucky," Tobin said. "Depending on where it hits him, it could kill him." After returning home from the hospital, Santiago said, he had a headache and felt tired. He lost a lot of blood after he was shot and has a lump on his head, he said. Santiago said he's never been in a similar incident. "I've lived in New York City, Connecticut and Puerto Rico," said Santiago, who is retired. "Nothing like this has ever happened. I don't have any enemies that I know." He thinks someone was shooting at squirrel or other animal and didn't realize how far the bullet might travel. "Just someone being stupid," Santiago said. "If you want to kill someone, you'd get a lot closer. I don't think careless is the word. Just stupid and ignorant." He'd like to see someone arrested. "I certainly hope they catch somebody," Santiago said. "If he continues doing it, he's certainly going to wind up killing somebody."\
1	When deputies arrived at a house early Thursday for a reported home invasion, the suspected intruder was lying just inside the front door, handcuffed, with multiple bullet wounds to his torso. A link to this page will be included in your message.\
1	When gunshots rang out in the 1600 block of Apache Drive Thursday afternoon, neighbor Annette Carmadelle said it was nothing new. "It's like this all the time," she said. But when she learned the victim was a 2-year-old boy, her heart sunk. "I don't want to hear that," Carmadelle said. "That's why my son and all the kids stay in after dark." Police said the shooting happened just before 4:30 p.m., as a father was loading the toddler into the car. That's when deputies say an unknown man and the father made eye contact and the man opened fire, striking the toddler in the face. "I was shocked. I was devastated. I just wanted to go inside and cry," Carmadelle said. Investigators said the victim's father rushed him to the hospital for treatment. A neighbor who did not want to be identified said she was with her grandchild when the gunfire erupted. The entire incident has left her shaken. "That could have been me and my grandbaby," she said. The toddler suffered a graze wound to the cheek.\
1	When he returned with another shotgun, a woman inside the home and a teenager each shot him with handguns, the Gilchrist County Sheriff's Office reported. The man, Kenneth David Drown Jr., 21, died at Shands at the University of Florida. None of the other people inside the house were injured. The sheriff's office gave this account: The agency received a call from a house in the 8000 block of SE 85th Street that Drown was inside with a 12-gauge shotgun. Several people were in the house, including Drown's former girlfriend and their 9-month-old son. People in the house managed to disarm Drown after a shot was fired. Drown then drove away from the house. While deputies were responding to the 911 call, Drown returned with another shotgun and forced his way inside again, according to a report. He pointed the shotgun at the homeowner, who shot him twice with a handgun, the report stated. A 16-year-old boy also shot at Drown, who was hit several times in the upper body, the report stated.\
1	When my big scandal hits it involves Victorian steampunk goggles, steroids and payments laundered through the Cape Verde National Brass Choir I may hire Reid Weingarten as my defense counsel. Weingarten is this good: He made me feel a... NEW HAVEN A top aide to congressional candidate Lisa Wilson-Foley testified on Thursday that Wilson-Foley's 2012 campaign was thrown into disarray and eventually collapsed when she was forced to disclose that former Gov. John Rowland was working... I attended the recent UConn vs. BYU football game at Rentschler Field and was amazed and proud to learn that UConn had not two, but three NCAA championship teams! My disappointment comes with seeing that athletic director Ward Manuel supported the... NEW HAVEN A top aide to congressional candidate Lisa Wilson-Foley testified on Thursday that Wilson-Foley's 2012 campaign was thrown into disarray and eventually collapsed when she was forced to disclose that former Gov. John Rowland was working... HARTFORD A city teen missing for more than two weeks was found "in good health" in Longmont, Colo. and a man has been charged with kidnapping, police announced Wednesday night. Longmont Police Department said they received information just after... MIDDLETOWN Wesleyan University has barred students from the Beta Theta Pi fraternity house, an order issued after a sophomore was seriously injured Sunday in a fall from a third-story window. In an email to students and staff Wednesday,... This season an array of dance offerings will entertain, amaze with athleticism, and even reflect on social issues such as the slippery slope of social media are we more connected, or less? And, what is up with the obsession over "selfies?"... Pumpkin ale? Check. Foliage-peeping bifocals? Check. Music? We've got that for you, from summer songs that've overstayed their welcome to edgy indie rockers in sweaters, tweedy U.K. singer-songwriters and masked Heartland rockers. Check out these 20...\
1	When officers arrived, they found the victim with a gunshot wound to the face. They also discovered that Meadows had fled the scene, Dye said. The juvenile, whose name is not being released, was listed in serious condition after being taken to Holston Valley Medical Center in Kingsport for treatment, the sheriff said. Other witnesses at the home at the time of the shooting have been interviewed by investigators, Dye said. Established in 1874Welcome to the Bank of Marion and all our branches! The Bank of Marion was founded in 1874. That says a lot about the stability and success of our bank! Founded on the principals of customer service andhometownbanking, we have never wavered from the Bank's original mission. We have always embraced the latest proven technologies to ensure the very best in customer convenience. But we remain dedicated to old fashioned customer service and service to the communities we serve. That community service is reflected in our branch bank names, all of which are named for the communities they serve! Click herefor our Corporate information. Celebrating over a century of service Minter Jackson, a Smyth County businessman, saw a need in the community for a bank. Not just any bank but a bank to serve and support the community. Mr. Jackson was founder and served as the first president of The Bank of Marion. The bank was chartered in February 1874 and the Board of Directors held their first meeting on March 17, 1874. The Bank of Marion opened its doors for business on April 12,1874. The Bank's first home was "the old Jackson Building" which was located on the comer of Main and Park Streets in Marion next to the Smyth County Courthouse. At that time, The Bank of Marion was the only bank between Abingdon and Wytheville, as well as the only one in Smyth, Tazewell and Grayson counties. We continue to change to meet our customers' needs ... In 1897, The Bank of Marion raised its second home, at the corner of Main and Church streets in Marion, to better serve its customers and communities. In 1922 this structure was replaced by a larger, more modern banking facility. The Bank of Marion continues to change to meet customer's needs. We have continued to modernize our facilities and services to insure quality banking and convenience for our customers. The Bank of Marion is proud to continue a tradition of customer service that began in 1874. With constant bank mergers and buyouts of many community banks, The Bank of Marion has vowed to maintain its independence as a hometown bank, and to expand into nearby communities to provide more customers with local hometown banking service.\
1	When officers arrived, they observed the man had a gunshot wound to his leg; they also noted inconsistencies with his story. The man was transported to a hospital where detectives responded. Investigators soon learned the man accidently shot himself while attempting to unload his black powder gun at home.\
1	When officers responded to the report of a shooting in the 4400 block of Parkton Street around 4:30 p.m., they were unable to find a victim. Shortly afterward, a police news release said, officers were called to the hospital to find the man shot in the arm.\
1	When officers went to the house, they found the 4-year-old boy with a gunshot wound to his shoulder, Winston-Salem police said. The boy was taken to Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center with a non-life threatening injury. Thank you for reading 20 free articles on our site. You can come back at the end of your 30-day period for another 20 free articles, or you can purchase a subscription and continue to enjoy valuable local news and information. If you need help, please contact our office at 336-727-7211. You need an online service to view this article in its entirety.\
1	When police arrived on scene, they learned a woman was in an upstairs apartment with a man and had a domestic dispute. Then, there was possibly an accidental shooting. Emergency crews took the woman to the hospital with a single gunshot wound to the upper chest and shoulder area. She is in serious condition.\
}